1. We are calling our function every 60 seconds, but the data is the exact same for the entire day.
Maybe we could get data for every hour that passes?
Maybe the data isn't dependant on the day because there's multiple numbers each day?
Maybe we're doomed

2. I have no clue if any of the code I wrote actually works and even though I will
get to test it, there will probably be errors everywhere and I won't be able to find them.

3. I am not sure if I should stick to the initial SMA, due to the lack of evidence I have that they
will work. And maybe I am doing too many strategys at once? I don't think so, what could really happen
due to having too many strategys if they all work?


Update in the Arduino board:

- In Arduino, there are 2 folders. (Supposedly) "test1.py" connects the board to the internet succesfully,
but I cannot check because the "setup()" function won't print. I tried sniffing the devices
in the network to see if the board is connected, but I can't seem to do that.

Next I need to see if it is actually connected to the internet, or try to make the "setup()" 
function work. When that's done we will go ahead and check if we can mix Arduino for the wifi and 
MicroPython for the script or even if we can make both run automatically.


SOLUTION: We actually cannot proceed with the Arduino idea due to 2 limitations:

1. We cannot both connect to the interet and run a script at the same time
or at least I didn't find how. Maybe could be solved by running a MicroPython file through 
Arduino (no idea how to do that).

2. The Datetime module which we need for our trading strat to work is not found in MicroPython. I may 
have been able to get around that with another module called "utime" which IS in MicroPython, but I 
highly doubt it. Furthermore, I believe it also doesn't have the request module either, which would just
kill the entire proyect as there would be no way around that, but again, not sure about this. 

- What we can do instead is use Brython, a library for JS that allows us to run Python in a web
server, and then use the github servers to run out programm as much as we want and with no costs.